Hi, how are you? I'm gaby and I 'm
nothing ' welcome to hard-paste the day
today we bring you finally the second
recommendation of this project that
we have together with bookstores to play and
we have it quite forgotten but it has
been there as issues that are not in
our hands but we're going to put them in
we're just going to talk a little bit
of this second recommendation you
they will ask what is the book that
we are going to recommend this month it is about
a kiss in paris written by stephenie
perkins this story has like
protagonist anna olyphant that is a
girl between 17 and 18 is she
in the last year of high school or
to start studying the last year of the
prepa but his dad who is a famous
writer decides that he is going to send her
to Paris to study his last year of
prepa that's how they're going to get to the
school of america of paris and they have
that radically changing your life changes
of school changes his friends changes the
state where he lives that he already lived in
atlanta
and then you have to leave your
family and especially the boy who
natura likes your stay to go
make a total hell since she
never did go to paris
She did not decide to move, she does not know the
language does not know the country but little to
little copes with it as it continues in
contact with your best friend you realize
that seems like the one of the cinema and
she is a movie fanatic she loves
make reviews about movies but about
all because he makes friends with a group of
guys trying to make it fit in
this new school but mostly with
a boy called sancler that is
becomes like his best friend that he
identifies quite with her in that of
that dads make decisions for them
and do not let them be according to what's going on
developing the story we see how
Anna apart from adapting it matures and
is gaining confidence and also taking
the control of his life a kiss in several
It is the first book of the trilogy
written by stephenie perkins and is the
what we liked most about the three books
something that we liked a lot is also
that although the books are written
in a single universe are stories
independent and who can go reading
you agree and you can read one
and the other does not if the characters are in
one and another story but you do not give
account of that the writer developed a
plot that may sound pretty trite
now in this of the juvenile literature
but I think the way he writes the
personality of each of his
characters and emotions that we
wants to transmit
stephanie perkins make it a
Pretty fresh reading and pretty
entertaining but above all we are
recommending you read this book because
we believe that although it is a youth book
it's not like all the books
youth that we have read the story
We thought it was quite novel and so
we think it's a story that can
happen to you that can happen to me and that you
can happen to your neighbor and that's something
that fascinated us we find
pretty funny characters that are
very mature endearing in few
words a kiss
I would be that you will fall in love those are
our reasons why we decided
that this book was our second
recommendation in this of the type rúa and
speaking a little more of the time rúa already
I know that you have asked us in
our social networks what happens with
this project
Well, the
last recommendation was only
in the filof de guadalajara and it was about
letter of dead models and in this
occasion we have a kiss in paris the
recommendation will finally reach the df
yes yes yes yes it is to say that they are finally going to
get these recommendations to
physical branches that are going to be the
lindavista branch reform 222 and the
branch of the Republic of Argentina that
is the matrix of these libraries called
x so if they are the df they will be able to
find a verse in Paris as you already
we had formalized with the
free pasta special dust jacket
with a promotion from the
bookstores for you and if you have not read
or they were just like you decided you were in
read a verse in paris let's hope that
after this video call them the
attention because real is a book that we
loved we fell in love and it really is how
many sighs
because this has been all for the video of
today you know that in the box
description we leave our networks
social all the hard-paste links and
we also leave the branches where
you can find the recommendation and
the channels of our classmates
porn team to also check their
recommendations to see if you call them the
attention some of them already know
any little thing that want to say
in a box of comments and see you in
the next